today's video was brought to you by
Amazon tired of paying full price for
hearthstone packs looking to purchase
the new cares and adventure to get
purify well with Amazon coins you can
get packs and adventures for a discount
hi my name is disguise toes and I have a
bachelor's degree in mathematics that
means two things one I never miss little
and two I know a good deal when I see
one or when I'm sponsored by one so
let's say you want to buy a thousand
bucks worth a hearthstone pact because
you want to build a control warrior deck
if you just buy normally a thousand
bucks gets you eight hundred packs but
with Amazon coins you can get eight
hundred packs for only 750 dollars
that's the savings of two hundred and
fifty which is like 139 McDowell's from
McDonald's so don't be a magma rager and
lose out on value go get some mcdonough
I mean go get some Amazon coins today
simply download the amazon app store
onto your Android device and install
hearthstone with it this allows you to
pay for hearthstone content through
Amazon coins it doesn't matter if you're
spending five bucks or 500 bucks
you always get a discount on the coins
of course the more you buy the higher
the discounts
ha this guy's toast
since we released our twitch plays
hearthstone video a lot of people have
been asking for another round of it and
seeing how the character and adventure
has won the easiest bosses ever
I thought this was a great opportunity
to unchain the monstrosity that is twist
chat when you play a game of hearthstone
you basically do two things playing
cards and controlling the minions on
your board while on the chest fight you
just have to play cards since most of
the minions will just Auto attack and
with that you've taken 50% of the
decisions out of twitch chats hand and
the less decisions twitch chat get to
make the better
so here's I'll set up each area code
allows twitch have to click on that spot
by typing the code in chat however this
time around I included an end turn
command which we didn't have in our last
video and if you have trolls who will
just spam it the reason I added the
entering command is because in Adventure
mode there is no rope timer so there is
no entering command we'll be stuck here
forever
now in order for twitch chat to end the
turn it does require three consecutive
and turn commands so if it's just one
dude spamming it it won't work zero
power also has the three consecutive
command restrictions since people will
just spam it in the early game which
would inevitably lead to a loss so how
many tries did it take twitch chat to
beat the chess event three the first one
doesn't really count since I forgot the
program in the hero power command oh I
forgot to program the hero power that's
why hero pops I'm working my bad guy so
I hold up oh man I'm such an idiot I
actually didn't program hero power the
second attempt was going really well
until twitch chat decided to be twitch
chat and past the turn twice in a row
without doing anything you guys probably
need your own queen too to be able to
come back oh you're so close to winning
though you can actually end off
it's bad is that there's bad guys too
shy what are you doing to me to show
what are you doing tonight oh my god to
chat it was all going so well Christian
it was all going so well
alo that's why we have the replay but
and the third attempt one really
smoothly minions were played when they
were available hero power was used
whenever there was extra mana and turns
one ended prematurely you ain't got a
reputation for yourself now everybody
knows and I feel left out girl you got
me down you got me stressed out just
inside nothing okay that's enough your
song your song oh my god you get did it
holy Oh God
oh my oh this is this like the second
real try hold up hold up hold up hold up
alright ever now as much as I want to
give credit to a chef for such a
monumental achievement I have to point
out that due to the nature of a hero
power this boss fight is almost
impossible to lose once you start
getting into the late game your hero
power just becomes way more valuable
than the black Kings you're essentially
drawing two minions per turn while he
only gets one now even though he has the
power to destroy a minion on your board
every turn you would have already gotten
some value out of it a sense attacks
happen at the end of your turn the real
challenge is in heroic chess a boss
fight that even normal players are
struggling with a fight that is all
based around the proper positioning of
your minions and with hundreds of people
spamming different commands does twitch
chat even stand a chance the answer is
no not at all
unfortunately heroic chats proved to be
too much for twitch at this time around
there's just too much emphasis on good
positioning for this boss fight and
without proper coordination the chance
of victory is extremely small that's not
to say it's impossible the Infinite
Monkey theorem states that if you give a
monkey a typewriter for an infinite
amount of time eventually he will type
out a Shakespeare play just due to sheer
randomness so now case twitchchat is the
monkey heart stones typewriter and the
black King is Shakespeare but we don't
have an infinite amount of time so I'm
going to be working on a new system to
give twitchchat
a chance next time democracy mode
essentially it's a voting system that
determines the next move to make all the
possible moves will be listed out into a
chat we'll just vote on in whichever
move wins is the one we will make so can
twitch at work together to beat the
black King or will they just vote and
turn every time find out next time on
twitch plays hearthstone you can find
the vault up this session in the
description below and feel free to
follow me on twitch if you don't want to
miss out on the next twitch plays
hearthstone session thanks for watching
love you all bye bye oh yeah eat some
toast
initially we try taking on the AI bosses
there was a string of failures but
eventually we found a boss fight that
not even twitch chat can mess up the
grim guzzler fight since this hero power
brings out all the big minions for us
all we need to do is repeatedly run our
minions up to everything on his side and
even then the game ended up pretty close
but twitch chat managed to prevail and
play this where we don't end up moving
you hey lights out